comelet's ok maybe one omelette and when
it goes up thank you that's fish head
curry froth incredible that's a full
bowl alright check it out guys there's
Trevor James and ting ting we are home
in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia and today in
this video we are bringing you for the
ultimate Indian Street food beef we are
gonna be heading out to Little India
grabbing some delicious Indian curries
we're gonna have dosa we're gonna have
prawn curry we're gonna put it all over
this banana leaf and it's very special
we are teaming up with our friend Sara
Kong who is an expert Malaysian chef
here in Kuala Lumpur she is gonna be
teaching us exactly how to make a
delicious Malaysian style fish head
curry there we are guys just gonna cross
the street and go get some banana leaf
for our fish head curry just got the
basic ingredients actually there's a lot
of ingredients in this curry and it's
right up here guys sorry Bundy I chose
some incredible Indian curries to bring
home to complement the fish head curry
Sarah's gonna be teaching us in a moment
make sure to go subscribe to her channel
in the description below and watch her
full cooking lesson as well thank you
but thank you tonight
thank you see and then we quickly went
to the grocery store to choose the
biggest fish head we could find weighing
over 3 kg split in half with Sarah and I
and here we are guys check this out
in addition to all of the indian street
food that we picked up from takeaway
Sarah cone expert chef for cookbook
author is gonna be teaching us how to
make Malaysian Nyonya style fish head
curry and look at that grouper and after
laying out all of the tropical
ingredients it was time to call Sarah
and start the cooking full recipe in the
description below are you we are so
excited for this fish head curry are you
ready to go yeah let's do it
the first thing you need to do is to
make our spice paste with all the spices
yeah we're gonna add in the fresh chili
the dried chili the lemongrass galangal
garlic the blood rania shallots so be
generous with the oil it's okay oh yeah
so this is the sole of the fish head
curry here yeah without this this
there's no fish head curry we're also
gonna have this fish head curry powder
in there that's all going in that's a
lot of curry powder it's gonna get
blended in with the shallots and even
more fresh chilies more galangal more
ginger and such a boil and the Balaji on
right yes so this is Nyonya style yeah
this unit oil so new yes I have
lemongrass and AD galangal but the
Malaysian Indian style they use like
mustard seeds like it's different so
what are we gonna do here Sara what's
the process the first thing we're gonna
do is this spice base we're gonna put it
in okay Wow and then we're gonna soak it
that's the fish head curry okay
so what we're gonna do is we're gonna
cook this until there's a stage 4 which
Armenia in Malay so that's when the oil
separates and it floats on top so that's
the stage that we want to reach at
Romania Romania we're gonna get the
ketchup in yeah yeah how long are we
gonna cook this Sara million-dollar
question so it's always different
depending on the amount but I think this
should take about 15 minutes yeah look
at that curry this curry paste can you
use this with other meats like chicken
or what would you make this with we use
fish curry powder which is different
from meat curry powder the combination
of spices so I would use this for other
seafood like prawns that would be good
good to know yeah this is so incredibly
potent smelling I can't wait to try this
it is that's ready look at that bubbling
curry paste and next up is the curry
leaves right yeah curry leaves and there
they are guys these are curry leaves
they smell so fantastic actually they
smell like curry good perfect and next
up is the water running in 1.5 liters of
water and Sarah was explaining you can
make this less if you've got a smaller
fish head but we've got a monster size
two fish head so we're adding in 1.5
liters of water look at that and the
full recipe is on her Channel
Wow okay so pour in the tamarind juice
and deluxe olives next we're gonna do is
we are going to put in these hard
vegetables it's bubbling already I can
already put it in and I'm going to close
the leap and that's gonna simmer for a
few minutes now right close early simmer
for five minutes now we're gonna put in
coconut milk got put it all in put it
all in stir it up oh yeah now you can
see the creaminess coming through next
I'm gonna put in the vegetables okay all
the tomatoes
then we're gonna put this in Wow look at
that it's huge
put it in Wow it's in great so now we're
gonna close it and let it cook for about
five minutes close the lid and cook for
five minutes
let's take a look at ours oh wow look at
that fish head curry it's bubbling and
creamy with coconut milk Wow and the
fish meat looks tender we're gonna
season this part of munion
ticket curry with 2 tbsp of sugar okay
we're seeing around the fish 4 teaspoon
of salt it's all about balancing the
flavors too spicy you can add a little
sugar you can also have some seasoning
with salt how was it it's so creamy it
actually smells like laksa yes awesome
luck so has this insight you're right
final step here we're gonna add that for
ginger all over top here and then it's
finished
right yeah it's done our part of this
curry is done look at this
you can smell so many spices in there a
lot of vegetables tropical spices
coconut milk here it is guys we got the
giant fish head curry look at the size
of it and then we got a bunch of Indian
Street food here as well and that's the
chicken yeah that's the chicken right
there look at that
that's the prawn oh and then this here
is the cauliflower
and the final touch goes wow that is a
pure monster look at that okay and we're
gonna put it on this bed of rice right
here whoa that's a fish head of a
lifetime
let's just slowly drizzle that essence
of light over the rice doesn't that look
good okay let's call up Sara and have a
feast we've got fish head curry we got
chicken curry we got prawn curry we got
rice it's gonna be good let's call her
up
hey Sara
how are you Wow beautiful
shall we makan yeah let's my Khan first
things first let's take some cheek meat
we're gonna share is huge the cheek is
giant look at that that's like a tongue
it's bigger than a cow tongue I'm bigger
than a cow song according to trouble yes
and here we go first bite we're gonna
dip it into the curry Bowl
Oh dripping cheek meat try it out oh wow
that is incredible I'm glad you enjoyed
it the fish is so tender the curry is so
creamy and so saucy and light with a
touch of chili Wow that's Malaysian
life in Malaysia is good curry every day
durian every day dangerous type of
curries yes you're one of them this is
Muni appreciate curry but we've got
another version is the mama salt make it
Karima you must try that too we have to
and I'm just gonna pour more curry onto
that fish or just get it so flooded as
they say in Malaysia flooded every year
I'm really happy that I'm doing this
with you right we're hanging out yes
thank you for showing us this recipe and
for everybody watching right now you can
go check out Sara's new youtube channel
in the description below
she's just started she's an expert chef
he's written four cookbooks and wow this
food is incredible thank you Sarah
and welcome to Manila
thank you
and there's so much saucy goodness here
Sarah do you want to eat the eyeball
together yeah oh yes
go get out okay let's dig it up oh it's
so big
oh there's so much fat around it oh it's
like a cherry it's like a cherry cherry
slice of a cherry
let's pour sauce all over that eyeball
just so it's tasty try it out want to
dream mmm daddy there's our like a grain
in the middle it's a big it's a big I
bump I like it daddy
hahaha it's beer flavor hmm with this
curry
I could eat a lot of rice yeah why don't
you like nothing it's so appetizing you
can't stop eating to long because
there's coconut milk so one or two days
or let you freeze it we move on the
vegetables and queasy I guess that's
okay
freedom we're gonna do that too okay you
can put on noodle things I like curry
laksa Wow
really yeah so take for you hot you've
got extra we move the vegetables take
the broth you make noodles and you put
it in you'll be like curry laksa
but actually it's best not to crease
something with coconut milk inside but
let's see if it's too much and you
really have to keep it then I think a
copay thank you amazing recipe thank you
well that's fish egg curry ever you're
the best thanks Sarah see you that Fish
Head meat is so delicious you guys got
to make this recipe go check out Sarah's
channel for the full details and thanks
a lot for watching guys this was a lot
of fun I hope you're enjoying the new
food range in at-home series where we
cook three food dishes from around the
world at home do the pandemic hope
you're staying safe healthy make sure to
subscribe to Sarah's panel as well in
the description below she just pulled
out a detailed video with all the
instructions even more than this video
on how to make this wish encourage you
guys are gonna want to check that out in
the description below thanks a lot for
watching guys wow